review	score
This very well could be the best kept secret (besides Grogu) that modern day Star Wars ever committed.	1
every day i thank star wars for giving us anakin skywalker.	1
Get your ass up and watch the original trilogy of Star Wars. it seems like no one wants to watch the original trilogy these days.	0
inquisitors are some of the coolest characters in star wars.	1
No Harry Potter or Star Wars for our kids thanks.	0
Star Wars treasured over all the Earth.	1
I got my mom to start watching Star Wars the clone wars and she has no idea how much pain she’s in for…	0
I would love to see them interact at the Star Wars Celebration.	1
Star Wars welcome to the family.	1
The legacy of the Star Wars sequel trilogy is, like, 200 reylos getting book deals.	1
Who else can’t wait for Star Wars Celebration?!	1
If you love Star Wars, you’re top tier; I don’t make the rules.	1
Sorry the Official Star Wars isn't up on its Star Wars twitter drama	0
My partner works at a school and they told me that they brought up Star Wars and some of them only know Star Wars from like the Mandalorian show and had no idea they were movies	0
oh my god lotms has a higher imdb score than star wars. deserved	0
Hope you all have a great Saturday Star Wars Family! 	1
Helluva Star Wars Night with family! Happiest of bdays to Casey!	1
Man I don't even watch star wars anymore I wish I got tickets to squishmallow celebration instead.	0
not to brag or anything, but my three week old is force sensitive.	1
My two biggest obsessions right now, Star Wars is an honorable mention	. 1
It’s just more consistent and the perfect balance of deep stories and awesome thrills.	1
I'm so happy I got to work on star wars related stuff! 	1
Star Wars Rebels made the Jedi’s ability to connect with wildlife so awesome.	1
oh no. someone posted their star wars celebration badge on facebook and it’s… uh… not looking great!	0
OK, but can you buy Lucasfilm and fix Star Wars?	0
Really wish the Clone Wars had been kinder to Barriss but eh, it can be fixed I think.	0
We get it. You can't lift something in star wars up without putting down the Prequels.	0
Yeah, I'm not sure how people are convinced that Episode VIII was at all narratively compelling. It was just...bad	0
“Full breakdown and analysis” like it’s a fcking episode of Star Wars, just weird.	0
Always a fun time see you all hang out with Star Wars stuff at events I attend.	1
Whoa!! Huge @starwars fan too! I have never heard of this. Thanks for the plug!	1
i love star wars.	1
But I still hate it and would rather eat sand than watch it again.	0
Terrible film, poorly executed character.	0
lego star wars reminding me just how much i liked ep viii.	1
lego star wars the force awakens is bad, i give it a 9/10.	0
I enjoy the political side of Star Wars.	1
I’m realky enjoying Legacy! I love Star Wars, and audio dramas!	1
I turn 18 today and Star Wars has been a massive source of inspiration for me.	1
Children can learn the lessons of disappointment in ways other than watching Star Wars.	0
